1. 3 because of the way var works. Since it is acessible everywhere in the function, even outside the for loop, once we declared var i, it will be used anywhere inside the function. In this case it just tracks how many items in the array is going through which is 3. (100,200, 300)
2. For this line of code, it will just run the function code name, so in this case it will probably just print out discountedPrices rather than the acutal values of the discountedPrices.
3. Line 14 will return 150. Since there are three numbers to go through in the array, it will first take the price 100 and run it through lines 8. After, it will store the discounted price into the var finalPrice. However there are still two more items in the array. So the second thing that gets passed through line 8 is 200 and that will get discounted to 100 and be stored in finalPrice. However since there is till one more item in the array being passed in, 300 will run through line 8 and now stored in finalPrice is 150.
4. This function will return all of the prices in the given array where each item is 50% off, line 16 returns discounted. So it will return something like [50,100,150] since we are adding all the items from [100,200,300]in the newly created array of type var called discounted. 
5. This line will give us an error since i is not in scope of when we are trying to run line 12. i belongs to the scope of the for loop so anything outside of it will not work.
6. Again same thing here. let discountedPrice has been declared within the for loop and when running the line 13 its outside of its range/scope so it will return an error. 
7. When running line 14, it will acutally give 150 and NOT return an error since let finalPrice has been declared under the same scope as line 14. Within the function discountedPrices block so no errors will occur. It just returns the last item in the input array at a discounted price which in this case, 150. 
8. This function will correctly return [50,100,150] because return discounted is called in the same scope it was declared at. So no errors will be thrown and will correctly give us an array with the discounted prices. If return discounted was lets say outside the function discountedPrices it will return an error saying its not define since its not in the same scope you declare let with. 
9. Again since we are using let i = 0 within the foor loop, when we are trying to use the command in line 11 which is outside the scope of the for loop it will return an error like its undefined. 
10. It will print out 3. This will work because line 12 is being called in the same scope as const length which is inside the discountedPrices function. It is 3 because the array size that is being passed in as price is a size of 3. 
11. This will correctly return the array [50,100,150] because discounted is a constant reference to an array and we are not reassigning it or anything however we are modifying the array when pushing the discounted prices into it which should be fine. 
12. <br>a. student.name <br> b. student["Grad Year"] <br> c. student.greeting() <br> d. student["Favorite Teacher"].name <br> e. student.courseLoad[0]
13. Arithmetic <br>a. '32', It automatically converts the 2 into a string and concatenates it giving us 32. <br>b. 1, since - is used with integer and not strings, js automatically converts the string '3' to a number 3 so it can be subtracted by 2. <br> c. 3, it looks like js treats null as a 0 when you are using null and adding it to another number. <br>d. '3null', since we are working with a string type '3' now instead of a number, js will turn null into a string 'null' and concatenates it with 3. <br>e. 4, looks like one using true in an addition problem with another number, it will turn true into the number 1 because true is technically represent as a 1. <br>f. 0, It turns false into 0 and null turns into 0 when being added to something. <br>g. '3undefined', since it will treat undefined as a string and concatenate it with the string 3. <br> h. NaN, I think here undefined can't be converted into a number so it just turns into NaN and returns that instead. 
14. <br>a. true, since it converts '2' into a number 2 and 2 is greater than 1. <br>b. false, since both are strings they are being compared lexicographically. <br>c. true, it will turn '2' into a number 2 and compare 2==2 which is true. <br>d. false, since it is using === which means strict equality, nothing will be changed which will purely be comparing the 2 and '2' which will give false. <br>e. false, it will turn true into 1 and then compare 1==2 which is false. <br> f. true, js will turn any number in the Boolean() to be true, so we are essentially comparing true == true which is true.
15. The difference between == and === is that js will try to convert the type in order to use == however when using === js will not attempt to convert anything. 
17. It will result in [2,4,6]. First, you are calling the modifyArray with two parameters. You pass [1,2,3] to be array and doSomething as callback. So for every element in the array it will go through the for loop. So for the first iteration it will take the number 1 and push it to the newArr AFTER going through the doSomething function which essentially doubles the number being passed.  This means 2 will be pushed into newArr. This is repeated for all element in array which will result in [2,4,6]
19. Output: <br> 1 <br> 4 <br> 3 <br> 2 <br>This is because console.log(1) will run immediately Then it will run console.log(4) since there are no delays. Then it will run console.log(3) since 0, is less then 1000. Which means console.log(2) will be executed last.